Convert Netlify CMS project to an example (#778)
pulumi/examples: aws-ts-netlify-cms-and-oauth/cms-oauth/README.md

- pulumi's [hello fargate example](https://github.com/pulumi/examples/tree/master/aws-ts-hello-fargate) for connecting to AWS Fargate to adopt Docker setting in cloud
- pulumi's [static website example](https://github.com/pulumi/examples/tree/master/aws-ts-static-website) for configuring certificate and obtain a subdomain for the provider server

## File Structure
- ./infrastructure
  - Pulumi code with setting up AWS Fargate and the configuring certificate and domain
- ./main.go the code for the provider itself and it's front end
  - It is fetching the access token sent from Github API using Github's goth library. 
- .github/workflow contain code for the workflow

## Infrastructure
The OAuth Client Server was deployed on AWS using Pulumi. The Pulumi code use AWS Certificate Manager to create certificate and validate it. It is using AWS ECS Fargate to read docker image and establish a Fargate Service. Then it is also creating Alias Record on Route53 for the OAuth Server.

### Assume Role (Optional)

> If you are working with an organization, it is better to ask for the AWS token for IAM user role that you could use to assume the admin role of your AWS account. In this way it is more secure. You could refer to the [aws-ts-assume-role example](https://github.com/pulumi/examples/tree/master/aws-ts-assume-role) for more information. There is also assume role example of different language in [our example repostiory](https://github.com/pulumi/examples)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that you use an IAM role with more permissions in the _target_ AWS using a token for an IAM user in the _source_ account. To do this, you could refer to the [aws-ts-assume-role example](https://github.com/pulumi/examples/tree/master/aws-ts-assume-role) for more information. The example is available in multiple languages in our [examples repostiory](https://github.com/pulumi/examples).
```
